We're gonna move to the first exercise,
which is looking at
the operatorView component.
Extrapolating the store and
dynamically loading it, so
that the servicing of the machine.
So what you see on the bottom basically,
that's what I called the operatorView.
I'll show you.
So if you look at components,
you'll see the view on the bottom,
essentially.
So these are all items.
This bottom part is
what I'm talking about.
So I wanna focus on this specific button.
So it's the bottom,
I call the operatorView.
It's just a component name.
And so what I want you to do
is extrapolate the store.
And dynamically load it in that specific
component such that the other machines
are not updated.
One thing to note with this particular
exercise, you are gonna get console
errors because of the way in which you
are accessing and creating the module.
And that's because the other
parts of components is gonna
require the piece that
you're modularizing.
But in subsequent exercises,
we're gonna fix those console errors.
So, ignore some of them for now, and
then as we work through it,
we'll actually work to remove them.
And for this exercise, we're gonna be
working off of this specific folder,
which is the vuex static versus
dynamic modules folders.
So if I were to jump into
that specific folder,
I'll be pushed to step zero.
And then from there I can work
my way up to this exercise.